feat(world-vercel): client-observed stream write/read e2e latency spans (#2857)
vercel/workflow: docs/content/docs/v5/observability/tracing.mdx

| `workflow.trace.mode` | The active trace mode (`linked` or `continuous`). |
| `workflow.trace.propagated` | Whether the invocation received trace context from the queue message. |
| `workflow.queue.overhead_ms` | Time between the message being enqueued and the handler starting — queue dwell plus any cold start. |
| `workflow.stream.name` | The stream name, on stream write/read spans. |
| `workflow.stream.operation` | The stream operation: `write`, `write_multi`, `close`, or `read`. |

> | `workflow.stream.write.e2e_ms` | Client→backend round-trip for a stream write, in ms — the backend acks only after capturing the chunk, so this is the client-observed write latency including the network hop. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `workflow.stream.write.chunk_rtt` | Time between emissions of a chunk to the wire, and receiving the `ack` message for that chunk. |
```

Reviewer: Let's rename the metric here across all the code changes

Author: Renamed `workflow.stream.write.e2e_ms` → `workflow.stream.write.chunk_rtt` across the code (streamer's `durationAttribute` on all three write paths + the `instrumentedFetch` JSDoc) and both doc rows, and shortened the changeset. Pushed in 9e42061 (rebased on top of the committed suggestions).

> | `workflow.stream.read.ttfc_ms` | Client-observed end-to-end time-to-first-chunk for a live read, in ms — read dispatch → first non-empty chunk in the reader, including the network hop. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `workflow.stream.read.ttfc_ms` | Time between opening a read connection and observing and receiving the first chunk back. |
```
